README.md, before:

# Restart

A repo of storing data sets, and action items, plans, better design of current systems and roadmaps to tackle and survive an Apocalyptic event. My main interest is in Artificial Intelligence takeover. But in my opinion many of the items should also apply to other Apocalyptic scenarios including not limited to zombie(quite popular for some reason), meteor strike etc.

"The progress in AI research makes it timely to focus research not only on making AI more capable, but also on maximizing the societal benefit of AI. Such considerations motivated the AAAI 2008-09 Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures and other projects on AI impacts, and constitute a significant expansion of the field of AI itself, which up to now has focused largely on techniques that are neutral with respect to purpose. We recommend expanded research aimed at ensuring that increasingly capable AI systems are robust and beneficial: our AI systems must do what we want them to do." - taken from open letter signed by Elon Musk, Steve Wozniak, Stephen Hawking and others (including myself :p). link :- http://futureoflife.org/ai-open-letter/

#### Disclaimer:
I have to first start out by saying, this is perhaps going to be one of the most stupid sounding repository to many people. Also I don't feel in any way that there can be an Apocalyptic event in near future.

#### Aim and objective:-
1. Use this as a learning tool to assess and design systems. (systems here vary from computer architecture to real life policies, architecture, economics etc)
2. Collect data and learning from it. (Find something important in that process.)

Commit message:

added more to aims section

README.md, after:

# Restart

A repo of storing data sets, and action items, plans, better design of current systems and roadmaps to tackle and survive an Apocalyptic event. My main interest is in Artificial Intelligence takeover. But in my opinion many of the items should also apply to other Apocalyptic scenarios including not limited to zombie(quite popular for some reason), meteor strike etc.

"The progress in AI research makes it timely to focus research not only on making AI more capable, but also on maximizing the societal benefit of AI. Such considerations motivated the AAAI 2008-09 Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures and other projects on AI impacts, and constitute a significant expansion of the field of AI itself, which up to now has focused largely on techniques that are neutral with respect to purpose. We recommend expanded research aimed at ensuring that increasingly capable AI systems are robust and beneficial: our AI systems must do what we want them to do." - taken from open letter signed by Elon Musk, Steve Wozniak, Stephen Hawking and others (including myself :p). link :- http://futureoflife.org/ai-open-letter/

#### Disclaimer:
I have to first start out by saying, this is perhaps going to be one of the most stupid sounding repository to many people. Also I don't feel in any way that there can be an Apocalyptic event in near future.

#### Aims and objective:-
1. Use this as a learning tool to assess and design systems. (systems here vary from computer architecture to real life policies, architecture, economics etc)
2. Collect data and learning from it. (Find something important in that process.)
3. Understanding positive aspects and ensuring there is focus on it(eg. eradication of poverty and diseases.)
4. Collect valuable research to be done on how to maximize the economic benefits of AI while mitigating adverse effects, which could include increased inequality and unemployment (Mokyr 2014; Brynjolfsson and McAfee 2014; Frey and Osborne 2013; Glaeser 2014; Shanahan 2015; Nilsson 1984; Manyika et al. 2013)
