Unemployment.md, before:

## Unemployment due to Artificial Intelligence

Case 1: consider a scenario where a robot replaces the job of a person, who is doing repetitive jobs.
The argument against it has been that, jobs lost in one area will create opportunities in others. An example being before alarm clocks came, there were people whose entire job was to knock at customers windows to wake them up.

Now the important question that this raises is
Will equal amount of jobs be created in the economy?
What happens when most of the value adding and fundamental to life activities are done by robots?
eg. farming, cooking, teaching etc

Case 2: people who are in creative fields or artistic field believe they can't be replaced
Is it really so?
Maybe at a particular level of mastery it is perhaps not possible soon. But the advantage a computer would have, is to do a brute force analysis and having multiple trials and errors(iterations), and can beat small players or will drive people away from the field.


https://artplusmarketing.com/how-we-can-deliver-a-universal-basic-income-right-now-and-save-ourselves-from-the-robots-without-e1972e22e8eb#.adb1qoejm

Commit message:

more on aspects for measuring jobs lost/gained through AI

Unemployment.md, after:

## Unemployment due to Artificial Intelligence

Case 1: consider a scenario where a robot replaces the job of a person, who is doing repetitive jobs.
The argument against it has been that, jobs lost in one area will create opportunities in others. An example being before alarm clocks came, there were people whose entire job was to knock at customers windows to wake them up.

Now the important question that this raises is
Will equal amount of jobs be created in the economy?
What happens when most of the value adding and fundamental to life activities are done by robots?
eg. farming, cooking, teaching etc

Important to note is the metrics to measure this.
Also important is that the metric be both QUALITATIVE as it is QUANTITATIVE.

What does this imply?
An example(perhaps bad) would be of professional photographer who knows a lot of skills, say like exposure to light, setting dimension as to what should be in the frame, how to focus correctly on the subject and more. We know today how much a pocket cell phone has advanced and with extremely fast computing perhaps one day editing the photographs would be in real time by computers(AI).

The point with case one would be that all these jobs, which many professional underwent training in (digital photography, UX designers, editing professionals, animation etc) would loose their jobs or it would be so easy a child would be able to do it.

Will these professional still have jobs?
Will they be challenging? (people don't only work for money)
Will a photographer with 15 years of experience, suddenly or gradually without many client be able to change professions?


Case 2: people who are in creative fields or artistic field believe they can't be replaced
Is it really so?
Maybe at a particular level of mastery it is perhaps not possible soon. But the advantage a computer would have, is to do a brute force analysis and having multiple trials and errors(iterations), and can beat small players or will drive people away from the field.


https://artplusmarketing.com/how-we-can-deliver-a-universal-basic-income-right-now-and-save-ourselves-from-the-robots-without-e1972e22e8eb#.adb1qoejm
